Hooriah was awakened from her nap on the sofa by the sound of the doorbell ringing. She stood up and went to open the door and was greeted by the sight of her boyfriend, Adham. "Adyy! You're home! How was your day at work baby" she asked, as she ushered him into the house and taking his work items from him, placing them down on the kitchen counter, he followed her around. "It was tiring, but I was looking forward to seeing you and eating your delicious food" he replied, as he looked at her with a small but tired smile. He took her hand and led her to the sofa and plopped down and pulled her to lay with him too. "Darling, I need to heat up dinner for us, we can't lay down yet" she said, trying to get up but he persisted that she lay with him. "No, please, just a few minutes, then we can have dinner baby" he said. Hooriah looked up at him while she laid on his chest, and he planted a kiss on her lips, she laid her head down and listened to the sound of his calming heartbeat. Soon enough, without any realization, they both had fallen asleep. Hooriah woke up first since she had already rested, she quietly got up and went to heat up dinner. Soon enough, Adham woke up too, "I'll go freshen up quickly darling" he said, going into their room. Hooriah hummed to herself as she put the pot on the stove, happy that her boyfriend is finally home, and that they can spend time with each other. She gets distracted with the food, and is suddenly scared by Adham, wrapping his arms around her waist while she washes the dishes. "How was your day baby, I never had the chance to ask you" Adham inquired. "Hmm, not too bad, a little boring but I just lounged around all day, oh and I did go to buy some snacks for us, just from the grocery store nearby." She said, as she continued washing the dishes. Adham gave her a kiss on the neck, and then another, and then tried aiming to kiss her right cheek. "Baby! Stop" she laughed, feeling ticklish. She turned around, his arms still wrapped around her waist, and she sneakily put soap suds on his nose, laughing mischievously. "Oh you cheeky little b-" he was about to complete when she gave him a kiss, a soft yet passionate one. "Help me set up the table will you darling" she asked, plating the food in a delicious manner.
"You've outdone yourself with dinner hun, its absolutely delicious, might help myself to some more" Adham said, as he enjoyed eating the pasta she had prepared. "Heh, I wanted to try some new recipe out since you know, I don't have much to do at home as of now." She said, looking at her boyfriend eat, adoring him and just taking in the breathtaking sight of his. He's so adorable!. Adham glanced up, and saw the gaze she looked at him with. She shyly looked back down at her plate and continued eating, his gaze now adoring Hooriah. Wow, how does she manage to look this cute, he thought to himself, smiling to himself as he continued eating, but still keeping a gaze on her. "It's adorable how you're still shy even after 2 years of us dating darling, it's absolutely adorable though." He spoke up, breaking the silence with his entrancing voice. "Hey! It's not my fault your eye contact makes me nervous. In a good way of course, but still!" She blurts out, while he chuckles. Adham helps her out with the dishes even though she refuses. "Baby you don't need to help me! You're tired enough from work" she whines, as he snatches a plate from her hand and helps her out. "No. As your boyfriend, I'm required to help you out, it's basic manners darling" he says smugly, helping her out. She pouts at him angrily, "you do realise that doesn't make you look scary at all? You look more adorable infact." He says, laughing at her face. She hits him with the towel they're using to dry out the plates. "Let me wipe that smug smile off your face" she says, smiling, pulling him down and kissing him, as she closes her eyes and leans into the kiss, melting. He holds her up by her waist, as she wraps her arms around his neck. He helps lift her onto the counter while placing pecks all over her face. Her nose, lips, eyes, forehead, cheeks, neck, everywhere. She giggles in delight, and ticklishness too, as he smiles, and kisses her, it's a moment to die for. She wraps her legs around his waist pulling him in for another deep kiss. "Alright we've had enough, you need to get some rest. Then we can enjoy the holidays together." She says, pushing him away as he whines wanting to kiss her plush lips longer. "I've got a long day planned out for us tomorrow so you better be ready" she says, laughing at the dreaded face he makes. "Aw come on, I had a whole list too!!" He says, "alright then I guess we'll do that the day after" he mutters, but still smiling at the wide smile she gave him after he gave in so quickly to her plans. They both cuddle up on the sofa, using the blanket Hooriah had used while she was taking a nap there. She turned on the TV, and put something on, just as an ambient sound, not even caring about what goes on in the movie or show. She stares up at her boyfriend from the position she's cuddling him in, admiring his perfect face. She loves how handsome he is. "I love you" she says softly, he looks down at her, and smiles "I love you too" he says, planting a kiss on her forehead, she melts into the cuddle. She fell asleep in his arms without even realizing, but was awoken in their bed. "Goodmorning darling" he said, with that oh so attractive sleepy voice of his. "Goodmorning baby" she said, kissing him, just happy to wake up next to him everyday. He happily reciprocated the kiss, pulling her in closer, as if he wanted to be stuck to her, honestly, if he could, he would want to be by her constantly. They smiled into the kiss, as they mingled with one another. (No details, this is a wholesome story). "Come on hayati, we need to start our day" he mutters into the kiss, pulling away as her lips chase his but she stops and whines. He gives into her adorable face, and kisses her some more, swuishing her cheeks together and when her lips pucker up, giving her smooches there. "Okay okay baby that's enough, let's get going." Adham says, pulling away and helping her off the bed. They both head into the bathroom, comfortable with each other to the point they don't really care about changing infront of each other. Hooriah takes out clothes matching the both of them, since it's a warm outside, she takes out a white shirt for him and her. She also pairs the outfit with jeans and whatever pair of shoes he desires. They both get ready, and excitedly share the plans she has made for the day. 
First off, they head to the mall, wanting to walk together and look, even if they may not get anything. As they're driving in the car, Adham has one hand on the steering wheel, while the other holding Hooriah's hand, caressing it with his thumb. This simple gesture makes her heart melt. Soon enough, they arrive at the mall, and get out of the car. Hooriah leads him by holding his hand and excitedly walks into a jewelry store, knowing she had saw something adorable last time. Right as she was about to walk in, she saw the cutest stuffed toy ever in another store, she softly squealed in glee, and headed to that store instead, Adham forced to follow her. She grabs it, "do you see how adorable it is?!!" As she shoves it in his face, and admires how cute and soft it is, and gives it a big hug. Adham can only focus on how happy she looks, he grabs it from her hands, "Yea, it is pretty cute I suppose" as he heads towards the cashier. Hooriah tries to take it back, not wanting him to get it yet he insists. A couple minutes later, the two of them walk out of the store, with her brand new stuffed toy. "Only if you promise not to replace me with the stuffed toy" Adham pouts, and Hooriah ruffles his hair and gives him a peck on his lips, "Ofcourse I won't replace you, you're way cuter than this thing" she says, chuckling, as Adham beams a smile at her. He really is adorable. An hour or two later, they head back to the car, both exhausted but so happy from each other's company. They both got some clothes and ate ice cream while walking in the mall. Adham smiled to himself when he was reminded of the way Hooriah smiled as a toddler, who had just started walking, waddled past them. She'd be a great mom. His thoughts were broken by Hooriah speaking as they strap their seat belts on. "I'm starvinggg, good thing I booked a reservation at a restaurant hehe, remember the one by the river? The steak place?" She inquired, as Adham thought, and then it clicked. "Oh yeah! I loved that place when we first tried it" he said, starting up the car. The drive was in silence, a comfortable silence, which was broken by Hooriah's voice. "Thank you for today baby, it was the best day I've had in so long, I'm glad it was just us spending time together" she said, letting out a small, but greatful smile, as she held one of Adham's hands, admiring it, and then Adham pulls her hand and gives the top of it a kiss. "No problem darling, I'm glad you had fun my love" he said, shooting her a quick smile but still keeping his eyes on the road. Soon enough, they arrive at the restaurant. "We should've dressed up fancy for this place" she looks at the restaurant from the outside, but Adham grabs her face and delicately turns it towards him using her jaw, "Just keep your eyes on me okay? No one cares about what we wear darling, you don't have to worry about it" he says, cradling her face between his hands, which take up almost her entire face, and gives her a kiss, "Come on, let's get going inside or we're going to be late for the reservation" Hooriah says, with a soft flush to her face, Adham chuckles softly when he notices it, but doesn't say anything about it. I love how she gets flustered over the smallest of things, it's adorable. They went inside and were seated at their table, which was a beautiful table located infront of a massive window, which gave them a perfect view to the river just across the restaurant, and oh! The table was decorated with rose petals. Hooriah remembers coming here with Adham and a few other friends when they were just friends and weren't together yet.
They sat across each other, as Adham took her hand in his, and caressed it with his thumb. He looked into her eyes with care, and comfort, relaxing her of her nerves. She knew she was safe from the judgement of anybody as long as he was there. Soon enough, the couple ordered some food and waited happily, talking about how the day had been so far. "I really appreciate all the things you bought for me, you really didn't have to darling" Hooriah says, with a small pout, a pout that makes Adham want to kiss her lips, but he can't, they're in a restaurant. "Ofcourse I did, you're my girlfriend, why wouldn't I spend money on you, I love it, especially when you got so excited over that stuffed toy!" He said, thinking back to her facial expressions when she was playing around with the stuffed animal, he smiled. Just as Hooriah was about to say something, their food arrived. "Mmm this looks amazing!" Adham says, "You chose a really good spot hun" he says, cutting a piece of his steak off. "Say ahh" he says, putting the fork towards Hooriah's mouth. "I already have my own-" she says, but is cut off by Adham putting the piece of steak in her mouth. "Woahh that is delicious" she exclaims in delight, and all Adham can do is admire once again, her facial expressions. The dinner goes by slowly, the couple basking in the company of each other, talking about random things. Adham excuses himself to go to the bathroom, where he meets the head waiter, and gives him his own card instead of making Hooriah pay. Once he comes back, he helps Hooriah up, and leads her outside. "Wait what about the bill?" She says, "Don't worry, I've got that covered my love", Adham says, laughing at the angry face Hooriah made which wasn't scary at all, rather cute. Hooriah led him towards the river, where she held his hand and walked by the side, swinging their arms. "Thank you for today baby..it was wonderful" she said, with a gleeful smile, a smile full of love. It was quite late and Hooriah seemed to be in a daze from sleepiness, Adham chuckled at the way she gets clingy when she's sleepy, as she holds onto his arm when they walk back to the car, muttering nonsense. Adham helps her sit in her seat, and goes to sit in the driver's seat. As he's about to turn the car on, she pulls him into a loving kiss, and mutters a soft 'I love you', before relaxing against her own seat. The drive passes by quickly, Hooriah in a daze of sleepiness, as she's led into the house by Adham, who's willing to help her. They both quickly change up, Hooriah whining on how she's sleepy, yet he ushers her to change and helps her out with it. It's a cute moment, Adham admiring the soft mood that's happening, as he helps her into bed and he himself cuddles up next to her, tucking her head into his chest. "Sleep, baby, we've had a long day" he mutters, as Hooriah snuggles further into his chest. "I love you" she mutters, before falling asleep. "I love you too" he says, in a soft voice, admiring her face, her hair, whatever he likes about her, before he places a kiss on her forehead, "Sleep well my darling", he says, before snuggling up with her too and eventually falling asleep to the soft snores of his girlfriend.
They wake up the next day feeling refreshed, Adham waking up slightly jittery but pushed his feelings aside. Hooriah had awakened first, already out of bed, and he could tell she was making breakfast from the delicious smell wafting into their room. He got up and changed into something else, and went to the kitchen, seeing Hooriah with her back turned to him, cutting something on the kitchen counter. Adham decided to be sneaky, and sneaks up behind her, before wrapping his arms around her waist, she gasps. "Oh! You scared me, I almost cut u accidentally with this knife!!" She said, pointing at the fruits she was cutting, he just laughs. "Finally up eh? Was the sleep good?" She asks, focusing on the food, as he looks around and sees the yummy food already prepared. Adham hums, indicating he did, as he presses soft kisses on her neck, not being able to kiss her properly from this angle, it gave Hooriah shivers running down her back, in a good way of course Aha! I knew she likes it "Imma go help set the table baby" he says, picking up some of the food she had made and setting it on the table they had Aw man I wanted some more of those kisses, she thinks to herself, pouting but he can't see it. She soon joins him at the table, presenting the freshly cut fruit, as well as other yummy breakfast items. "Woaaahhh this looks so good" Adham says, "You should become a chef..but nahh only I wanna taste your food" he says in a mischievous way, he gives a kiss to her on her cheek, before eating. Hooriah looks at him expectantly as she waits for a reaction I love to see him enjoy eating..makes my heart feel full. She let's out a soft smile, admiring the boy she endears as he eats the food she's made. "This is so good!" He exclaims, shoving some into Hooriah's mouth too, who hums in satisfaction. 
"So, what are the plans for today?" Hooriah asks, as the two of them work on washing the dishes, "Can't tell you that, hehehe" Adham says, in a cheeky way. "I'm suspicious, but I'll let it slide" she says, leaning forward and kissing his lips softly before pulling away and completing the dishes. The two of them get ready, this time in comfier clothes, Hooriah is confused as to why but just listens to what he says, dressing in a hoodie and some sweatpants, as so does he. "We aren't gon a go out just yet, it's too early to go out, let's stay here for now and watch something on the TV" he says, pulling her hand towards the sofa, plopping down and patting his lap, as she waddled towards him and lays down on his lap. They turn something on, as an ambient, as Adham runs his hands through her hair. Hooriah looks up at Adham from where she's laying on his lap, as he unrealisingly plays with her hair, while watching something on the TV. She stares and admires his pretty face, everything she likes about him.. his pretty eyes, the way they look piercing but soft at the same time, his lips, so soft and cushiony and the prettiest color, his nose, the part which she absolutely loves even if he may still be insecure about it, his cheeks, the way they flush so prettily when he blushes and denies it, God, everything about him is perfect... without even realizing, she noticed Adham caught hee staring, as she blushes and looks away nervously. Adham grabs her softly by the jaw, and makes her look at him again, "Do you know how gorgeous you are.." he mutters, as he leans down and kisses her once again. They stay there in a warm embrace, enjoying each other's comfort, they're each other's home, their safe space, their favorite person..their other half, they're meant to be. They loose track of time with the way they are with each other, cuddling and soft kisses here and there, they love the comfort the other brings to them, it's nothing they've experienced before, and they'll never get tired of it, of simply being around each other, even if they don't have anything to talk about. Adham looks out the window, and sits up, "We should've head out now, the time's better" he says. They go to the car, and as Hooriah sits down, Adham says "Holdup, I forgot something upstairs, I'll go get it real quick" he says, as he dashes upstairs, she gets distracted on connecting her phone to the aux, that she doesn't realise what he brought. "Alright we're all set" Adham says, as he drives off, "What is it that you forgot" she asks, trying to find a song to put on, "Ohh, nothing I just forgot my wallet" he said. The drive was around an hour away, and Hooriah dozed off around 20 minutes into the drive, meanwhile Adham kept trying to shake off the jittery feelings. They were driving outside the city, for a special occasion. A while later, they arrive at the area, with Hooriah still fast asleep. Adham quietly takes stuff out the trunk and lays it on the grass, a blanket, and some snacks, like a mini picnic. They're on top of a hill, under a beautiful oak tree. He gently shakes her to wake her up, "Darling, we're here" he says softly, as she stretches and gives him a soft kiss before getting out the car and staring in awe. "Woahh, you did all of this?" She asks, turning to look at him, who just nervously chuckles. "I know how long you've wanted to have time just to ourselves, so I feel like this would be a good getaway without having to spend too much money you know?" Adham rants nervously, but is quieted down by a tight hug, "This is perfect hayati, I love it!" She says, wrapping her arms around him, burying her head in his shoulder. Adham almost melts into the hug. "Oh look! The sun is setting soon, let's get comfy hehe" He says, sitting down and offering a spot next to him to her. They both settle while enjoying each other's warm embrace, a cool breeze making Hooriah's hair flow in the wind, as Adham admires every part of her. They take a few pictures of the setting sun, as he turns a lap on nearby to give them some light for the nearing night. They both much on some snacks, talking about the most random of things, laughing as the night drew closer and closer. "Oh! Remember that one time where we laughed so hard when you accidentally smacked your phone on your forehead?" Hooriah cackles as she remembers the moment. They share cherished memories, whether happy or sad, it didn't matter to them. "Hey, come on, I've got this thing I wanna show you" Adham says, standing uo and helping her up by offering her a hand. They walk down the hill onto a field. "Whats wrong?-" Hooriah asks, but is cut off by the sudden sight of hundreds of fireflies, lit up, illuminating the sight of the beautiful field surrounding the two, the variety of flowers all around them, How did I not see these flowers?! Hooriah thought to herself.
Alright you can do this..
Hooriah suddenly realizes Adham is gone, but as soon as she turns around, the fireflies illuminated him..but, he's on one knee. Could it be?
"Syeda. Hooriah. Hasan. I have loved you from the moment I've met you, it was as if you had me in a trance cause I've never seen anyone as entrancing as you, you are magical, you're the person I want to be with for the rest of my life..so the question is...Will you marry me?" He says, out of breath, shakily, holding a ring up. 
Hooriah is brought to tears, she nods yes, not being able to give a verbal answer from the shock she's in, as he slides the ring perfectly onto her ring finger. Adham stands up, and gives her a kiss she's never felt before, with tears streaming down both of their faces, as they mingled in passion. "I can't believe it" she gasps out, crying from joy. "I love you so so much" Hooriah says through the tears, laughing as she kisses him and almost knocks him off his feet, but he grabs onto her waist to stabilize the two of them.
"I didn't think you'd be ready..." Adham said, as they're back to embracing on that blanket on top of the hill, staring off into the sky, as they both stargazer together. It had always been a dream for the two of them to go stargazing together, but never really had the chance to. This had to be the best day in theie life, from seeing the sunset with her lover, to reminiscing old memories, to seeing the fireflies lighting up everything in their path, to be proposed to the love of their life, and to be stargazing with their favorite person, their safe space, their home, right next to them, this all that they've ever wanted, to be with their soul mate, and they had finally found the person they'd want to be with for eternity. Hooriah and Adham share a loving kiss, as small tears escape their eyes, this is the best thing either of them could've ever asked for. A true love. 
"I love you Hooriah"
"I love you too Adham"
